Fix typos and grammar errors across documentation (#144709)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

       def __len__(self) -> int: ...
       def __iter__(self) -> Iterator[int]: ...

> :pep:`544` allows you to solve this problem by allowing users to write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:pep:`544` solves this problem by allowing users to write
```
